Describe a time when you had to make a difficult decision at work

Shortly after I implemented a Driver Safety report in production, I found a small issue in the design which was causing discrapency in the data.
Though it may have negative impact on my work, I immediately communicated the issue to the stakeholders and quickly worked on a fix and deployed in production.

It was a difficult decision but helped me earn trust among the stakeholders.

How would you handle a situation where your team disagrees with your ideas?
  OR
Describe a situation where you 

One of the task I got was to modify an existing stored procedure. The procedure was already big and complex, so I proposed to modularize the procedure rather than changing it.
As it requires more time to code and test, it immediately faced resistance from the product team. But as I put forward my thought process around the advantages of 
keeping each module small for all future enhancements, the product team slowly undersstood the benefits and agreed to my approach.

I believe in open communication and discussions backed with data to help resolve conflicts.

Describe a situation where you improved a process at work

One of the Power BI repports was running longer and I noticed that that there is a join to the date dimension which is causing bottleneck in performance.
I added the date column/field directly to the fact table and repopulated the table and rewired the query in power BI. This brought down the report response time to seconds providing 
over 80% reduction in response time.

Describe a situation where you received constructive feedback and how you acted on it:
My manager suggested improving my DAX skills in Power BI. I took that as a positive feedback and attended online courses, 
practiced well and became proficient with DAX. 

I am always open to feedback as it helps me evolve.

Give an example of a project where you had to adapt to unexpected changes
The design on one of the projects changed in the last minute to add a reporting layer in the ETL. We were short of people and hence I had to jump in and 
learn informatica to create the ETL pipelines. This was a bit challenging as the timelines are tight but I was able to adapt and deliver the required pipelines
within the timelines.
